Add Coiled quickstart (#189)
rapidsai/deployment: source/platforms/coiled.md

# Coiled

You can deploy RAPIDS on a multi-node Dask cluster with GPUs using [Coiled](https://www.coiled.io/).

By using the [`coiled`](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/coiled) Python library, you can setup and manage Dask clusters with GPUs and RAPIDs on cloud computing environments such as GCP or AWS.

Coiled clusters can also run Jupyter which is useful if you don't have a local GPU.

## Quickstart

### Login

To get started you need to install Coiled and login.

```console
$ conda install -c conda-forge coiled
$ coiled setup
```

For more information see the [Coiled Getting Started documentation](https://docs.coiled.io/user_guide/getting_started.html).

### Software Environment

Next you'll need to register a RAPIDS software environment with Coiled.

> You can either build this from the Official RAPIDS Container images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either build this from the official RAPIDS Container images.
```

```python
import coiled

coiled.create_software_environment(
    name="rapids-{{ rapids_version.replace(".", "-") }}",
    container="{{ rapids_container }}",
)
```

> Or you can create it with a list of conda packages incase you want to customize the environment further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can create it with a list of conda packages in case you want to customize the environment further.
```

    conda={
        "channels": {{ rapids_conda_channels_list }},
        "dependencies": {{ rapids_conda_packages_list + ["jupyterlab"] }},
    },
)
```

```{note}
If you want to use the remote Jupyter feature you'll need to ensure your environment has `jupyterlab` installed which is included in the container image but not the conda package so it needs to be specified.
```

### Cluster creation

Now you can launch a cluster with this environment.

```python
cluster = coiled.Cluster(
    software="rapids-{{ rapids_version.replace(".", "-") }}",  # specify the software env you just created
    jupyter=True,  # run Jupyter server on scheduler
    scheduler_gpu=True,  # add GPU to scheduler
    n_workers=4,
    worker_gpu=1,  # single T4 per worker
    worker_class="dask_cuda.CUDAWorker",  # recommended
)
```

Once the cluster has started you can also get the Jupyter URL and navigate to Jupyter Lab running on the Dask Scheduler node.

```python
>>> print(cluster.jupyter_link)
https://cluster-abc123.dask.host/jupyter/lab?token=dddeeefff444555666
```

![Screenshot of Jupyter Lab running on a Coiled Dask Cluster with GPUs](../_static/images/platforms/coiled/jupyter-on-coiled.png)

> From this Jupyter session we can see that our notebook server has a GPU and we can connect to the Dask cluster with no configuration and see all the Dask Workers have GPUs too.

Reviewer: The text of image is pretty small, maybe zoom in for screenshot or maybe say in text that you ran `!nvidia-smi` etc.
